338 docs rfc the other half of the docs (#4199)
timescale/docs: _partials/_where-to-next.md

What next? [Try the key features offered by $COMPANY][try-timescale-features], see the [tutorials][tutorials],
interact with the data in your $SERVICE_LONG using [your favorite programming language][connect-with-code], integrate

> your $SERVICE_LONG with a range of [third-party tools][integrations], plain old [Use $CLOUD_LONG][use-timescale], or dive

Reviewer: ```suggestion
your $SERVICE_LONG with a range of [third-party tools][integrations], plain old [Use $COMPANY products][use-timescale], or dive
```
